In this file you will be able to see some examples for all our endpoints

### Public Endpoints

**1. GET /public/bnb?name=Hugo**

This is a public endpoint that can be used to get an overview of all our bnbs. 

The optional parameter "name" can be used to filter through the bnbs in our system.

If multiple bnbs contain the text of the parameter within their name multiple will be returned.

Example result:

```json
[
    {
        "name": "Hugo's Bnb Ter Dolen",
        "roomsIdList": [ 1, 2 ]
    },
    {
        "name": "Hugo's Bnb Geel",
        "roomsIdList": [ 3, 4 ]
    }
]
```

**2. GET /public/rooms/available?id=<bnbId>**

Required body:

```json
{
    "roomCodes": [],
    "startDate": "2022-05-11",
    "endDate": "2024-05-11",
    "size": 3
}
```

This is a public endpoint that can be used to check whether rooms are available

The roomCodes list if left empty will be automatically generated by the bnbid to select all room codes in that Bnb, but if you want to check only a couple of the available rooms you can specify these here.

The start and end dates can be used to check if the room is available during a certain period. 

And the size parameter can be used to filter rooms which are too small for your group, note that when a room is too small it will not be returned, thus this is best used when working with an empty roomCodes list so that all the rooms in the specified bnb are filtered through.

Example result:

```json
[
    {
        "roomCode": "Room1_Bnb1",
        "available": false
    },
    {
        "roomCode": "Room2_Bnb1",
        "available": true
    },
    {
        "roomCode": "Room3_Bnb1",
        "available": true
    }
]
```

**3. GET /public/room/available?roomCode=<Room2_Bnb1>&months=<3>**

This is a public endpoint that can be used to check whether a specific room is available within the next month(s).

The roomCode parameter is required and specifies which room you want to check.

The "months" parameter is optional, it has default value of 1 but can be changed to any integer.

Example result:

```json
[
    {
        "startDate": "2023-12-28",
        "endDate": "2024-03-09"
    },
    {
        "startDate": "2024-03-14",
        "endDate": "2024-03-18"
    },
    {
        "startDate": "2024-03-20",
        "endDate": "2024-03-28"
    }
]
```

As you can see in this result the room is available for 3 periods 

### Authenticated

##### Person

The person service has 5

```json
{
    "id": "3",
    "firstName": "Jesus",
    "lastName": "Christ",
    "dateOfBirth": "0001-01-01",
    "accountNumber": 1003,
    "contact": {
        "phoneNumber": "911",
        "emailAddress": "JesusC@LordlyMail.co.heaven",
        "address": "Heavenly Palace of the Lord 2 Apartment 5, Heavens Gate"
    }
}
```